All right, so the app is pretty much done, and now we can just go and look at a few things we can
add, for instance, in our markup here, we can see that we have this this thumbs up in some of these
books.
So essentially, we can add an if statement that says, OK, if the rating of the book that we've given
is, say, greater or equal to four right, then we can add it thumbs now.
Then we can add it thumbs up or something like this.
So that's just something extra we can do.
I'm going to show you how to do that so you can adjust to your liking.
So back to our reader states screen there and we have this column which will have this go to the actual
app.
So we're talking about here.
So let's see, we want to add, perhaps at the end of this title there, we want to add indication that
this was a good book, right?
Depending on the rating for the title here, what I can do.
I'm going to wrap this inside and say, let's put it inside of a row that inside there and I'm going
to add horizontal.
Arrangement.
Want space in between?
And so.
And so I'm going to see say if book that reading
is greater than or equal to, let's say for anything greater than or equal for, we are going to add
I'm going to add a space, sir.
OK with here.
Safe, you know, Max, with.
And I'm going to shrink it a little bit.
Right?
So that season zero Act eight, if this is going to help us with moving the icon, we're going to add
to the end of of the row.
All right.
So then I'm going to say I can't.
When you factor there, say I can start.
Default.
Let's put thumbs.
Thumbs up for the content description.
And we can ask what's changed tint colour, hair color that red actually say green.
A copy of the zero point five that's like this.
Why else we're just going to pass in a box that's empty?
It's going to run.
OK, let's see if we're going to have any books, right?
So have a few books plus ratings you can see it shows there.
You can see this one is really small because it depends on the size of our text.
And as can see, let's change the structure here because I want to make sure that we have author started
and finished it.
That's the information that we really want to see.
So all of these guys, I can get rid of some of these or actually call something else.
So let's say after the author, we're going to say started.
And I'm gonna pass book that started.
Reading this, and I want to make to say soft wrap.
True, true, I guess for all of them, you have over whether the tax should break that soft line breaks,
it falls into next position as if there was an unlimited horizontal space.
So there we go.
So we're just going to give this nice wrap if indeed the tax is too much or too long.
All right, so next here, I'm going to put the finished.
And it's going to look that finished reading and less crap that instead of format date.
All right.
I should be good, I swear, Ryan.
Yeah, it's going to look.
All right.
Time stamp.
We need to pass the same here for this one.
I have to go all over.
Start over.
And they would go looks much better, and this is exactly what we want.
All right.
So now we have the whole app done.
We've done a lot of work, a lot of sweat and tears, and I hope more sweat and tears, of course.
And most importantly, I hope you were able to go through this and learned a lot.
And I know this was a lot, but that was the intention.
The intention was to put together a full fledged application here from ground up so you can see the
process OK.
And what I would like you to do.
Well, I would like you to continue improving on this application or maybe take some ideas that you
learned about that you learn while building his application and build your own.
So we've learned a lot of things here, learned how to persist.
Data in Firebase for our store will learn how to authorize or how to create users right and log them
in, so create them account and lock them in.
We'll learn how to structure our data.
That way, we can then save books, of course, that we get from an API.
In this case, Google API, Google Books API, and we'll learn how to extract that data will learn how
to pass that data using different tools and different libraries that really help us get this information
together so we can focus more on building the application.
Okay?
So a lot has happened, and please take your time to go through these sections.
I hope you did, and you always have access to these videos so you can always go back to watch certain
parts.
It didn't make much sense.
And the thing I would like to say is just be patient as you go through this.
If this is your first time creating or going through this programming course or you still a little bit
of a beginner, this is your first time.
It's not going to come easy, right?
For most of us.
So it takes time.
It takes practice.
So be patient and always have the kind of attitude of, OK, let me look for the answer.
Let me try to figure out why this is not working and then ask for help.
Look for help for it.
There's a lot of help online.
StackOverflow is the place you should be familiar with when you have issues with programming and so
forth.
So have that spirit.
It's really going to help.
Of course, you can always, always ask questions in the forum and one of us it will help you get you
back in the right track.
All right, so thank you again for being on this journey with me.
I really appreciate it, and I hope you've learned a lot.
Thanks.